Refactor app sections (#554)
NethServer/docs: administrator-manual/en/nextcloud.rst

The installation can be done through the |product| web interface.
After the installation:

> * click on :menuselection:`Nextcloud` application title inside the :menuselection:`Applications` page or open the URL https://your_nethserver_ip/nextcloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* click on the :menuselection:`Applications > Nextcloud` item title or open the URL ``https://your_nethserver_ip/nextcloud``
```
